[master < T589-FL] Add storage modes (#809)
memgraph/docs: docs/reference-guide/memory-control.md

This query tries to clean up as much unused memory as possible without affecting
currently running transactions.

## Storage modes

> Memgraph has the option to work in `IN_MEMORY_ANALYTICAL` or `IN_MEMORY_TRANSACTIONAL`
> storage mode. Former reduces memory usage by not creating additional memory
> objects during data modification. If you need to import a lot of data on startup
> of the database, check the `IN_MEMORY_ANALYTICAL` mode query [here](./storage_modes/in-memory-analytical.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memgraph can work either in an `IN_MEMORY_ANALYTICAL` or `IN_MEMORY_TRANSACTIONAL`
storage mode. The `IN_MEMORY_TRANSACTIONAL` is the default storage mode that ensures strongly-consistent ACID transactions using WAL files and periodic snapshots. You can reduce memory usage by switching to the [`IN_MEMORY_ANALYTICAL` mode](/reference-guide/storage_modes/in-memory-analytical.md) in which Memgraph no longer creates additional memory
objects during data modification, but it also provides no ACID guarantees. You can use it for the initial data import as it also speeds up import up to 6x. 

You can switch between modes within a single session using the `STORAGE MODE IN_MEMORY_TRANSACTIONAL;` and  `MODE IN_MEMORY_ANALYTICAL;` Cypher queries. 
```
